(*We thank @mjskay for his response. Regardless of any potential conflicts of interest, we believe his intervention is crucial—first, because he developed and maintains the ARTool R package, and second, because he has significant experience with other statistical methods. Our motivation for submitting this work to JoVI was to foster an open discussion with those who feel knowledgeable and can contribute to reaching a consensus based on scientific argumentation and concrete evidence.*)

Let's address his point once again. Since our very first post, we have been explaining that our disagreement is NOT due to alternative definitions of interaction effects. We have repeated—again and again—the following:

If either $\beta_1$ or $\beta_2$ in this model is zero, **there is no interaction definition issue**: if $\beta_{12}$ is zero, then the observed interaction effect on the responses is also zero. This is simple mathematics but we have also demonstrated it by showing the response distributions generated in our simulations, clearly illustrating that data are sampled from identical population distributions.

In our example from Fig. 1, as well as in the numerous examples and simulation results we provide throughout this discussion, either $\beta_1 = 0$ or $\beta_2 = 0$. **ART's breakdown is not due to interaction definition issues!** Moreover, ART does not only inflate Type I error rates for interaction effects. It does so for main effects as well. Again, we have explained that when $\beta_{12} = 0$, there are no definition issues regarding main effects.

However, we will not keep repeating the same points here. Instead, we ask @mjskay to **carefully read all our responses, one by one, from the very first to the very last.** If he disagrees with any single point we make, we welcome an open discussion here.

**Additional comment:** Check this [previous post](https://github.com/journalovi/2024-tsandilas-ranktransforms/issues/2#issuecomment-2507452242) we sent (Nov 29). It is unfortunate that McCabe et al. (2022) base their analysis on the work of Ai and Norton (2003) but overlook the response by Greene (2010). More importantly, they fail to consider the articles by Loftus (1978) and Wagenmakers et al. (2023), which we discuss extensively in our submission. 
